.TH BF 1
.SH NAME
c-brainfuck \- An interpreter for the Brainfuck 
programming language written in C.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B bf
[\-h]
.PP
.B bf
\-f [\-t] \fIfile\fP
.PP
.B bf
\-c [\-t] \fIoperators\fP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIbf\fP is an interpreter for the Brainfuck programming
language. Written in C, it can take Brainfuck programs as
input in the form of files or directly as a sequence of
operators, passed as argument, and return the results to
the standard output.
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
.BI \-h
Displays the help content, including version.
.PP
.TP
.BI \-f
Executes program passed as the final argument.
.PP
.TP
.BI \-c
Executes sequence of operators passed as the
final argument (in a string format, enclosed
within a pair of single quotes)
.PP
.TP
.BI \-t
Displays contents of the tape memory. This option
cannot be used on its own, but only along with the
-f or -c options.
.SH EXAMPLES
1. Running a Brainfuck program, stored in a file:
        To run the Hello World! example, which is
available as 'hello_world.bf' in the examples
directory, run the following line:

        $ bf -f examples/hello_world.bf

        To get the output "Hello World!" (without quotes).

2. Passing a sequence of Brainfuck operators directly to
the interpreter:
        To execute a set of operations, such as >>+++.
(which prints the content of the third cell after
incrementing the existing value by three), run the 'bf'
program as:

        $ bf -c '>>+++.'

3. Displaying help:
        $ bf -h

4. Running a program and then obtaining contents of tape
cells:
        Run a program, as shown in either case 1 or case 2,
with the only change being the addition of a '-t' option:

        $ bf -f -t examples/hello_world.bf

        This will display the result and then ask for
various choices for selecting which cells' contents are
to be displayed.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c)2013, Rohit Jha

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above
      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the 
      following disclaimer.

    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
      above copyright notice, this list of conditions
      and the following disclaimer in the documentation
      and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

    * Neither the name of Rohit Jha nor the names of other
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
      derived from this software without specific prior
      written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE
USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.
.SH AUTHOR
Rohit Jha
